## Board Meeting
### 08 November 2016 / IN PERSON AND ONLINE

### BOARD (participating members in bold)
In person: **Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Max Dillivan, Lee Mueller**

Online: **Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz, Traci Montgomery**

### AGENDA

**Last Meeting Follow-up**

- There was no business from the previous meeting.

**New Business**

- Finalized Articles of Incorporation for Citizen Labs and submit for Board consideration.
 - Edits were made to simplify the earlier draft. Those present agreed to practice of simplifying Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. That specific procedures are better addressed as Citizen Labs policies.
 - **APPROVED** Articles of Incorporation for consideration by the Board. Voting to be held on Slack and be open for 48 hours.
  - Motion for approval by Lee Mueller, seconded by Allen Clark, approved by Joel Anderson, Jace Browning, Allen Clark, Max Dillivan, and Lee Mueller.

- Consideration of amending Bylaws to be consistent with requirement of the Articles of Incorporation
 - Tabled any changes but identified potential changes may be required to [Article II of Bylaws](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/master/governance/cl_bylaws.md)
 - Will review Bylaws at future Board meeting.

### ACTION ITEMS

- Final version of Articles of Incorporation for vote by the Board.
 - **APPROVED** Articles of Incorporation by the Board.
 - **For:** Joel Anderson, Jace Browning, Allen Clark, Maxwell Dillivan, Brandon Klotz
 - **Not Voting:** Traci Montgomery, Lee Mueller

- See the [steps to become official Non Profit](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/wiki/How-to-Start-a-Non-Profit-in-Michigan)
 - We are currently at Step 2
 - Next steps: **1.** Submit Articles of Incorporation to State of Michigan, **2.** Hold Board meeting to Select officers and create company records.

### NEXT MEETING

[December 13:](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/master/governance/bd_minutes/2016-12-13.md) Meeting will be held via Slack @ #board and potentially in person.
