## Board Meeting
### 10 January 2017 / ONLINE

### BOARD (participating members in bold)

### AGENDA

**Last Meeting Follow-up**

- Amend Bylaws to be consistent with requirement of the Articles of Incorporation
 - **APPROVED** All proposed changes to bylaws were accepted.

 - Create company record book to be presented.
  - [Digital version](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/tree/master/governance) exists within Github.


**New Business** [Click here to view discussion.](https://citizenlabs.slack.com/files/allen/F3NC1FAPJ/New_Business__Conflict_of_Interest_Policy)

- Need to develop a Conflict of Interest Policy
- Intellectual Property Rights for Citizen Labs. These documents will be part of the 501c3 application submitted to the IRS.
- Hack Night Guidance: A draft policy for Hack Nights projects was developed, it is very bare bones. The intent was to strike a balance of openness and inclusion for anyone to participate with any idea at a Hack Night with projects that reflect on Citizen Labs as a whole and may require Citizen Labs resources (financial and other).
- Sponsored or Official Citizen Labs Projects: There was a lot of early discussion about how projects would be managed, ownership, and represent official work of Citizen Labs. This is even more important as we become a 501c3 with limits to our work provided by State and Federal laws.
- Speaking in the name of the organization (Section 3.10 of Bylaws): Looking for clarification on what "speak in the name of the organization without prior authorization" means exactly. Is anyone on the board of directors or otherwise whom is designated allowed to write (per say) medium and other platforms, posts on topics such as "Creating a 501(c)3" or "Working with TimelineJS"


### ACTION ITEMS

Amend Articles of Incorporation as submitted to the State of Michigan. See [document as submitted with change and explanation.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TkAX7hxQPwQVuY0_7gDSZaiNXjvwZoypFYsurgyHHmc/edit?usp=sharing)
- Motion for approval by Allen Clark
- **Approved** by Joel Anderson, Jace Browning, Allen Clark, and Brandon Klotz.


- Select Officers of Citizen Labs
 - Chair
 - Vice Chair (potentially combine with Secretary)
 - Treasurer
 - Secretary

- Motion for approval by Brandon Klotz, seconded by Jace Browning
- **Approved** by Joel Anderson, Jace Browning, Allen Clark, Max Dillivan, Brandon Klotz, and Lee Mueller.


- Review where we are in [process of becoming a 501c3](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/wiki/Steps-to-Become-a-Non-Profit-in-Michigan)


### NEXT MEETING

February 14: Meeting will be held via Slack @ #board.
