## Board Meeting
### 08 August 2017 / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

### BOARD (participating members in bold)
Traci Montgomery, **Joel Anderson, Allen Clark,** Lee Mueller, **Jace Browning,** Brandon Klotz, **Max Dillivan**

### AGENDA

**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack, #board-meetings

- **VOTING ITEM: Board Approved 4-0 (voting in favor: Anderson, Clark, Dillivan, Brown)** [Board Guidance:](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/main/governance/stacks/board_decisions.md) When board votes are required to address organizational concerns." Please comment on Github or discuss within Slack, #board-meetings.

**New Business**

- Please contact Max or Allen with any new business items.

- No new business was introduced.


### ACTION ITEMS

- None at this time.

### OPEN THOUGHTS

At our last Hack Night we had an interesting and positive turn of events. As we were about to start working. There was a question about how to get connected to projects, which led to other questions and points made that Citizen Labs is defined by the projects we are involved in. Sam B also took us on an impromptu strategy session.

"Who we are and what we do?" Is a question that has been asked recently by our recent visitors from another Meetup group and other individuals. We also have room for improvement in providing a better Hack Night experience. Some of this I discussed in June.

Connecting Projects and People is something I am trying to address is through a proof of concept project. Basically, creating a database of Projects (with basic project info) and People (collecting names, skills, interests) to ease matching and recruiting.

September is busy with opportunities to grow and reach into our community. See below.

Upcoming Events
BarCamp: 8/25-26
City Hacks: 9/15
Big Data: Ignite, 9/27-29

### NEXT MEETING

September 12: Meeting will be held via Slack @ #board-meetings.
