## Board Meeting
### 24 January 2018 @ 6pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

## AGENDA

Location: The Knickerbocker

### CALL TO ORDER
Present: **Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz**

### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack, #board-meetings
 - [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/master/governance/bd_minutes/2017-10-10.md)

Minutes approval.
- For: **Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz**
- Against:
### OFFICER REPORTS

**Chair, Allen:**

[2017 Report](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1trdaqvTuPtLvHXc-Cji_W7S0olyV1bRJ4QV6iTU9tsA/edit?usp=sharing)

  Overview of the report:

  - Opportunity from Brandon: continue to tap into Grand Circus and leveraging technology/tools that participants are learning in the bootcamps

  - Active Slack Users definition(stat used in presentation) - people who posted in the last month
  - Opportunity: engagement measurement and tracking - facebook > meetup > slack > active slack > code created

  **Conversation:** Jace asked the question about listing engagement with the City of Grand Rapids and how that fits in to this document and community engagement. Allen responded by laying out the changes happening at the City particularly in regards to the data portal and it being taken offline. Lee recommended needing to meet with Becky Jo to regroup on where we are at. Becky Jo had reached out a week or two ago to check in on the progress after the budget data got handed off to the group in December. There was an exchange and she put out an option to meet. Jace wants a timeline for conversing with the city and determining if there is relationship to be had there. If not, we may need to discuss our mission. Allen surfaced the City of Wyoming relationship. We will continue discussion in our strategy conversation.

  - **TO DO:** Allen is going to follow up to get a meeting on the calendar
  - **TO DO:** Add an agenda item for next quarterly board meeting on relationship with City of Grand Rapids

**Vice Chair, Brandon**

- Guidestar is up-to-date

**Treasurer, Joel**

Report provided

- Questionable activity on the accounts back in November, but now resolved.
- Regular contributions coming in from apple.
- We have an offer from an individual to contribute. This would require a process to be set-up to accept donations. For now we are going to accept checks only and will send out letters as necessary.
- We are waiting on $5000 from Benevity/Apple for Brandon's time.
- Allen is looking into t-shirts or jackets for members/board. Jace acknowledged that as projects ramp up we are going to have more project costs to consider.
- Brandon wants to continue with a facebook paid ads.
- Allen surfaced $5000 Azure credits and Lee asked if that should be considered an asset in our budget. Jace challenged that because we don't have that as money or a resource if we don't use it. That type of resource can be shown as a sponsor on our website. We have other in-kind contributions from other organizations that should be publicly recognized and tracked. Jace suggested we could use that as a recruiting tool.
- Joel suggested that now that we have 2 years worth of financial data, we should re-evaluate our budget.

**TO DO:** Lee is going to write a form letter for contributions

**TO DO:** Allen to refine the sponsor and asset list to share with the board by next board meeting

**TO DO:** Next board meeting review and revise the budget. Joel will make sure we all have access to those ahead of next meeting

Financial Statements Approved.

**Secretary, Max**
Not in attendance, nothing to report.

### OLD BUSINESS

Discussion on officers and board memebers
Lee added this to the agenda.
Slate discussed: Allen, Chair. Bradon, Vice Chair. Joel, Treasurer.
Slate approval.
- For: **Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz**
- Against:

Report from an open committee of the Board (Lee, Brandon, Allen) formed at the prior Board meeting will present a plan for consideration:
- more clearly identify and communicate our desired outcomes
- clearly define short/medium term goals along with success metrics

[2018 Mission Plan](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pZSqHW2rNANWistD-84avu01Xn-OGTOURkPnf19arFE/edit?usp=sharing) for Citizen Labs

Discussed needs:
- Allen shared that we have a lot of incoming funding and we don't really have a plan for that.
- Lee shared that we only have one funding source and we should have a plan for diversification.

Discussion on the "Mission Metrics" document - see [Google Drive Board Folder](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tzme6WZeo0oJ-iRoUB4Pr8DhoMGiBHZNyeV0Pr0l98I/edit?usp=sharing)
Allen has logged 400+ hours for the organization last year and needs some assistance hence the board commitment goals (2F)

- Jace suggested sponsoring events as opposed exclusively hosting events (3D). The group agreed.
- Lee suggested discussing this quarterly.
- Traci asked if we should vote on this or accept this at this meeting?
- Lee recommended we come to consensus on this.
- Jace asked about how we decide on sponsorships to support? It would require a board vote because it will likely be over $100.

Allen provided a suggestion on board committees: People Power, Payment, Programming. These board committees would study potential issues and develop recommendations as needed to full board.

Payment - discussion on payments for projects

**TO DO:** Lee to adjust the Mission Metrics to reflect requiring in-person attendance for board meetings as well as sponsorship language

**TO DO:** Jace will post the prospectus for DjangoGirls on the board channel and start the vote discussion

**TO DO:** Lee to post Mission Metrics to Slack and start a discussion on responsibilities

**TO DO:** Allen to tighten the elevator pitch on the Mission Metrics to see if there is interest to assist at the next hack night

### NEW BUSINESS

Jace brought up managing accounts and how we decide who gets what, when, how, why, etc. Currently he manages the keys. Jace asked can this be a part of the funnel of engagement? Brandon and Lee air on the side of being "more open".

**TO DO:** Allen to resurface document on defining "official" [Citizen Labs Sponsored Project.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T5XhNmwdYvoqPLsxI8JUa19B4QVkqsksiCq1l15S_Mg/edit?usp=sharing)

**Decision** - Anyone on slack channel will gain rights to change or modify projects. If a new project is to be started one of the board members needs to sign off based on "Citizen Labs Sponsored Projects/Project Governance".

Lee brought up a need for new board members.

**TO DO:** Come to the Q2 board meeting with names for possible board members both currently connected and not

### COMMENTS & ANNOUNCEMENTS

Kicked off project with new partner, [Lower Grand Rapids Organization of Watersheds](https://www.lgrow.org), to develop an [Adopt-a-Drain](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/adopt-a-drain) website to be used as a regional resource. Project is well staffed and has strong support from partner.

- **NEXT STEP:** on-boarding process with LRGROW, aiming to have that happen at Feb. 6 hack-night

Progress continues on a [Voter Engagement project](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/voter-engagement) with the goal of encouraging eligible GR citizens to vote. Project is well staffed and has involved many people from Hack Nights.

- **NEXT STEP:** It's out there to check to see if you are registered to vote, future work is a lot of design work around whether friends have registered, and getting people from the bootcamps engaged, considering adding a Saturday work night specifically for that project

### ADJOURNMENT

#### NEXT MEETING
April 11: Meeting will be in-person starting at 6p. Location TBD.

#### BOARD (participating members in bold)
**Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz,** Max Dillivan
