## Board Meeting Minutes
### 30 August 2018 @ 6:30pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

## BOARD MINUTES

Location:

[The Old Goat](https://oldgoatgr.com/),
2434 Eastern Ave SE
Grand Rapids, MI 49507

### CALL TO ORDER
Present: Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, and Jace Browning

### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack and previous board meeting minutes, #board-meetings
 - [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/main/governance/bd_minutes/2018-05-07.md)

Minutes approval.
- For: Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, and Jace Browning
- Against:


### OFFICER REPORTS

**Chair, Allen:**

For my report I am referring to the strategy section of the [Mission Metric](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tzme6WZeo0oJ-iRoUB4Pr8DhoMGiBHZNyeV0Pr0l98I/edit#gid=1234716011) document created in 2017, that identified strategies, action plans, and objectives.

Fiscal Sponsorship of [Code for Good (CfG)](https://codeforgoodwm.org). Missions of CfG and Citizen Labs (CL) are very consistent. Large overlap of volunteer base between CfG & CL. Organizations are also complimentary with CL being more technical and CfG being more design oriented. Timing for next steps likely in Dec/Jan timeframe, following CfG's Weekend for Good in November.
 - 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
 - 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Progress on Adopt-a-Drain with the Grand Valley Metro Council. Launch likely in mid September. Shout out to new member, James Wilfong for all of his work on the project.
 - 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
 - 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
 - 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.
 - 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Partnership with City of Wyoming to develop and Open Budget dashboard, similar to [Open Budget: GR](https://grbudget.citizenlabs.org). Meeting was very positive. Potential start date, mid September.
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
- 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.
- 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Added Sponsorship page to [Citizen Labs website](https://citizenlabs.org/about/sponsors/).
- 2A. Increase non-apple funding to 25% of annual fund-raising.

Volunteer on-boarding. Have begun on-boarding new folks separately from the project work being done during Hack Nights. Using new presentation that is shorter. Focusing the discussion on the interests of new volunteers instead of Citizen Labs. This has been well received.
- 2D. Develop and implement improved onboarding process for new attendees and volunteers.

COMMENTS:
- LEE: Noted mission metrics shared on slack. Encouraged everyone to take ownership.
- JACE: Suggested using only the private channel. Use the public for results (e.g. posting minutes).
- Code for Good (how this links up with strategic document). Holding off to Dec/Jan. Allen and Lee expressed a preference for folding into CL. Jace goes every year. Allen has gone too.

Comments:
- Lee noted mission metrics shared on slack. Encouraged everyone to take ownership. Jace suggested using only he private channel. Use the public for results (e.g. posting minutes).
- Code for good (how this links up with strategic document). Holding off to Dec/Jan. Allen and Lee expressed a preference for folding into CL. Jace goes every year. Allen has gone too.


**Vice Chair, Brandon**
- none

**Treasurer, Joel**

- [Financial Position](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1E07znW0ZEy9pqPqVsPJhvxPLSLU_t2BD)
- [Financial Activity](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ZZxzjc-4mzmUKVxXLuaK9hG8_NtqUDFH)

Financial report unanimously accepted.

Comments:
- Refine letter…. Thank you letter… Board donations…. Year end ask?
- Think about who we target? Jace likes project-based asks. Website – put a few key projects front and center. Way to support/donate on the site. Future scholarship – Grand Circus or other program. Pay interns/learners.

**Secretary, Max**
- none

### OLD BUSINESS

**Allen ToDo**

- improve Benevity profile for Apple internal portal
- write-up press release re Open Budget Portal (optional)
 - (UPDATE): Will write blog post instead of press release.
- Draft elevator Pitch:

UPDATE:
- Continues working on things.

**Brandon ToDo**
- (COMPLETE) Determine who gets t-shirts in the first round
- Create draft plan to connect with company on in-kind donation/sponsorship

UPDATE:
- Brandon created a letter, Lee commented. Folks need to review.

**Joel ToDo**
- Joel to evaluate electronic donation options - likely paypal - to be connected to website

UPDATE:
- Joel suggests paypal for online donation. Unanimously agree to open paypal donations.

**Lee ToDo**
- Look into grant $$ options
- Lee to start a conversation on slack about sponsorships thanks/packages
- Invite Anel to hack night
- Lee to post on slack the mission metrics for the board to claim responsibility

UPDATE:
- Lee is working on items. Anel has showed up a couple times.

**Jace ToDo**
- look into a Slack attendance tracking
 - (UPDATE from Allen): Attendance can be found by downloading CSV file from Meetup.
- ask him of Sam interested in serving on Board
- Jace to spearhead marketing plan for the voter engagement program
  - pay for promotion, share with third party groups (League of Woman Voters, Head Count, League of Conservation Voters)?
  - Call to action: you're not registerd, come to the next hacknight and have voter registrations formed ready to go at the hacknight

  UPDATE:
  - Jace is using CSV/meetup for tracking attendance. We have turned off facebook events, no one uses. Sam gave soft no on the board. See notes for marketing plan on voter engagement. Maybe promote ahead of registration deadline.

**Traci ToDo**
- invite Brianna to hack night
- connect with Alex on scheduling a What Works Cities overview

UPDATE:
- Traci talked with Brianna, but communication fell off. Did not reach out to Alex. Will do now

### NEW BUSINESS
Please send New Business topics to Allen.

Event Updates
- Voter Registration at Woosah, Primary
- BarCamp: BarCamp was good. Jace and Joel went, quality of talks was better than last year.
- OpenBudget project w/City of Wyoming
- Big Data Ignite: Traci helping with volunteer coordination for Big Data Ignite. End of September.


BarCamp was good. Jace and Joel went, quality of talks was better than last year.

Traci helping with volunteer coordination for Big Data Ignite. End of September.


### COMMENTS & ANNOUNCEMENTS

Looking to increase participation.
- Old people that showed… and gone?
- Maybe need another night, different location. GVMC willing to offer space?
- We have projects, but maybe don’t match abilities of some attendees. Once a month at GVMC?
- Some basic projects anyone can contribute to…
- Event with new city manager?

### ADJOURNMENT

Meeting Closed at 8:30pm

#### NEXT MEETING

October 24, 6:30pm, Location TBD

#### BOARD (participating members in bold)

**Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz,** Max Dillivan
