## Board Meeting Minutes
### 22 May 2019 @ 6:00pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings


### CALL TO ORDER
Present: Sarah Titus, Allen Clark, Brandon Klotz, Lee Mueller, and Jace Browning
Not Present: Max Dillivan

### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack and previous board meeting minutes, #board-meetings
 - [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/main/governance/bd_minutes/2019-01-22minutes.md)

 Minutes approval.
 - For: Traci Montgomery, Sarah Titus, Brandon Klotz, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, and Jace Browning
 - Against:

### OFFICER REPORTS

**Chair, Allen:**
Bullet points following topics refer to our [2017 Mission Metrics](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tzme6WZeo0oJ-iRoUB4Pr8DhoMGiBHZNyeV0Pr0l98I/edit#gid=1234716011) that identified strategies, action plans, and objectives.


**City of Wyoming Open Budget**

Work continues with City of Wyoming to develop and [Open Budget dashboard](https://wybudget.citizenlabs.org), similar to Open Budget: GR. Localization to City of Wyoming is complete. Development site is up.
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
- 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.
- 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

**Adopt-a-Drain with the Grand Valley Metro Council(GVMC)**

Progress on Adopt-a-Drain with the Grand Valley Metro Council(GVMC). Beta site is operational with mapping data from Michigan. Awaiting User testing and site launch requirements from GVMC.

Met with LGROW today. We spoke about site launch requirements, additional add on work for design and instructional video content.

 - 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
 - 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
 - 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.
 - 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

**Vice Chair, Brandon**

Was also present at today's design kick-off with LGROW. Would like to see Citizen Labs expand work in QA and user testing. LGROW will be a good pilot for this work.

Would like to hold a QA training/workshop for LGROW.

**Treasurer, Joel**

**Secretary, Max**


### OLD BUSINESS

**Allen ToDo:** none

**Brandon ToDo** none

**Joel ToDo** none

**Lee ToDo** none

Start a conversation on slack about sponsorships thanks/packages
 - Has not received any comments
 - Is looking for examples from participants which makes a more compelling ask.
 - Looking for stories of personal growth. Value of Citizen Labs and participation.

**Jace ToDo** none

**Traci ToDo** none


### NEW BUSINESS

**Fiscal Sponsorships**

There are four local organizations that are interested in a fiscal sponsorship by Citizen Labs. This would extend 501c3 benefits to the organizations and provide important financial structure. This would also strengthen the role of Citizen Labs as supporting local tech organizations that provide community benefits and share a consistent mission.

Supporting following Citizen Labs mission metrics:
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Consideration of the [Draft Fiduciary MOU Template.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyUsWuldntyzlG0Z7UekVZXzb95qpxR4_EAwl-xAQc4/edit?usp=sharing)
- Call Board to approve the Fiduciary MOU Template

**Action**
- Board discussed the draft MOU and was in general agreement as to the content.
- Fiscal sponsorship should be offered to like minded organizations
- Partner organizations must dissolve any existing fiduciary agreements
- Meetings will be arranged with partner organizations to present MOU and get better acquainted.
- May need to seek external accounting support if total budget is over $200K
- Importance of Partner organizations to follow Citizen Labs procedures and IRS requirements of 501c3.

### Consider Fiscal Sponsorships

[Code For Good](https://codeforgoodwm.org/), contact Sarah Titus & Sam Bleckley
Currently organized as 501c6 under GR Software Alliance. They are broadening their mission to have multiple events throughout the year and seeking the tax advantages of a 501c3.

**Action**
- Drafting MOU will take place over Slack. (Lee and Allen)


[West Michigan Research Network](https://www.facebook.com/WestMichiganResearchNetwork/), contact Dave Riley, Director of Business Intelligence & Research, The Right Place
This has been more of a networking organization. Individuals of the group came together to submit and win a grant of $25,000 from The West Michigan Prosperity Alliance (WMPA) to increase awareness and participation with the 2020 Census. They need an 501c3 to receive the grant award.

**Action**

- Allen will meet with WMRN to discuss MOU
- Drafting MOU will take place over Slack.  (Lee and Allen)

[GR Web Developers](https://www.meetup.com/grwebdev/), contact Frederick Polk & Ross Hunter
Currently organized as 501c6 under GR Software Alliance. The organization is in transition. Frederick has been talking to me for the last year about becoming their own 501c3.

**Action**

- Brandon Klotz will speak to Frederick at future hack night.
- Update by next Board mtg.

[PyLadies](https://grandrapids.pyladies.com), contact Jace Browning. We are a group of developers who love the Python programming language. We write code by day or night. Some of us hack on Python projects on the side, while others work with it full-time. Some are just starting out in programming, while others have years of experience. Goals:

  - Organize events that facilitate professional development of our members
  - Inspire more people from under-represented groups to fall in love with programming & support and mentor them on their journey
  - Build a revolving community: students become mentors
  - Create a safe, non-threatening environment in the local tech communities

**Action**

- Jace & Lee will work on MOU agreement.
- Will move quickly to meet upcoming annual event by Pyladies

### COMMENTS & ANNOUNCEMENTS

**Jace**

Spoke about the voter engagement project.
- Seasonal project of this nature is difficult.
- Will return to active development for upcoming elections
- Benefit in hosting Secretary of State voting and registration API

Traci will be supporting TEDx GR

Allen will be out of town during March.

### ADJOURNMENT

Meeting Closed at 8:30pm

#### NEXT MEETING

Date/Time TBD, Location TBD

#### BOARD (participating members in bold)

**Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz,** Max Dillivan, Traci Montgomery
