
## Board Meeting Agenda
### 24 October 2018 @ 6:30pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

## DRAFT AGENDA

Location:

### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack and previous board meeting minutes, #board-meetings
 - [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/main/governance/bd_minutes/2018-05-07.md)

### OFFICER REPORTS
Prefer all officer reports to be provided 24 hrs prior to Board Mtg.

**Chair, Allen:**
Bullet points following topics refer to our [2017 Mission Metrics](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tzme6WZeo0oJ-iRoUB4Pr8DhoMGiBHZNyeV0Pr0l98I/edit#gid=1234716011) that identified strategies, action plans, and objectives.

Partnership with Grand Circus on Civic Tech. Have met to discuss potential partnership with Grand Circus. Topics discussed include: scholarship, civic tech projects identified for students, potential pilot project in December.
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
- 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.
- 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Discussion:
Allen and Brandon to follow-up with John on the specific ask and need.

Local group, GR WebDev, may be interested in a fiscal sponsorship. They are also interested in becoming a 501c3, I have shared our nonprofit "How-To" with them.
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Discussion:
Lee willing to discuss on the basis of aligning hack nights and GR WebDev meetups.
Allen to share draft MOU from GR Software alliance to Lee.
Lee to send draft MOU to Joel.
What's in it for GR WebDev - probably food and other event motivators.

Work has begun with City of Wyoming to develop and Open Budget dashboard, similar to [Open Budget: GR](https://grbudget.citizenlabs.org). Localization to City of Wyoming is complete. Development site is up. Budget data has been provided, but other content is outstanding.
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects

- 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.
- 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Discussion:
Main point of contact on vacation until yesterday, so Allen and Joel moved forward on what needed to be done yesterday (10.25)

Progress on Adopt-a-Drain with the Grand Valley Metro Council(GVMC). Beta site is operational with mapping data from Michigan. Awaiting User testing and site launch requirements from GVMC.
 - 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
 - 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
 - 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.
 - 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Discussion:
Jace asked about ownership. GVMC owning domain and Citizen Labs owning everything below the domain?
Allen suggests doing a service level agreement to manage expectations.
Jace recommends a project specific donation page. Discussion around fund usage with this approach.
Two different conversations:
(1) developing SLAs with paying customers, paying for project expenses OR craft an invoice for services purchased
(2) fundraising and how you phrase it for all the projects we work on - lean on the open-ended side as opposed to committing dollars to certain 'funds' - "these are the types of things your dollars will go to..."

**Vice Chair, Brandon**

**Treasurer, Joel**

Balance shared. 990 Filed.

**Secretary, Max**

### OLD BUSINESS

**Allen ToDo:**

- **COMPLETED**: improve Benevity profile for Apple internal portal
  - Add project links to several projects to recruit help and matching volunteer dollars. Projects include: Open Budget, Adopt-a-drain, Voter Registration, and Missing Maps.
- write-up press release re Open Budget Portal (optional)
 - (UPDATE): Will write blog post instead of press release.
- **COMPLETED**: Draft elevator Pitch
  - Citizen Labs does two things. First, we empower people to improve and engage with their community. Secondly, we help local government innovate.

**Brandon ToDo**
- Create draft plan to connect with company on [in-kind donation/sponsorship](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HJU-dN8nKQLq_Q08W2UlmNcZx7QyJHQs_0eyB7zX93Q/edit)
  - BOARD should review

**Joel ToDo**

**Lee ToDo**
- Look into grant $$ options
- Lee to start a conversation on slack about sponsorships thanks/packages
- Lee to post on slack the mission metrics for the board to claim responsibility
- [Thank you letter DRAFT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12YBzs4F4vITX2rgQojzuEbEpAiVwTrphYohfE4hjepA/edit)
  - BOARD please provide comments/input

**Jace ToDo**

**Traci ToDo**
- invite Brianna to hack night
- connect with Alex on scheduling a What Works Cities overview

### NEW BUSINESS
Please send New Business topics to Allen.

Growth (from Allen): Many topics are combined (diversity, added mtg night for talks, communication/storytelling, hack night attendance). Would like a general discussion about how board feels about current levels.

Fiscal Sponsorship of GR Web Dev - notes provided in Chair report.

Other times/dates places for hack nights?
OST - 4hr "hacknight"
LINC
Brandon's Workplace on Thursdays - good starting point
ToDo - Brandon to inquire about space at his office
ToDo - Traci to inquire of Brittany for social media assistance
