## Board Meeting Agenda
### 22 January 2019 @ 6:00pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

## DRAFT AGENDA

Location: Old Goat


### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack and previous board meeting minutes, #board-meetings
 - [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/main/governance/bd_minutes/2018-10-24minutes.md)

### OFFICER REPORTS
Prefer all officer reports to be provided 24 hrs prior to Board Mtg.

**Chair, Allen:**
Bullet points following topics refer to our [2017 Mission Metrics](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tzme6WZeo0oJ-iRoUB4Pr8DhoMGiBHZNyeV0Pr0l98I/edit#gid=1234716011) that identified strategies, action plans, and objectives.


**City of Wyoming Open Budget**

Work continues with City of Wyoming to develop and [Open Budget dashboard](https://wybudget.citizenlabs.org), similar to Open Budget: GR. Localization to City of Wyoming is complete. Development site is up.
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
- 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.
- 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

**Adopt-a-Drain with the Grand Valley Metro Council(GVMC)**

Progress on Adopt-a-Drain with the Grand Valley Metro Council(GVMC). Beta site is operational with mapping data from Michigan. Awaiting User testing and site launch requirements from GVMC.
 - 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
 - 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
 - 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.
 - 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

**Vice Chair, Brandon**

**Treasurer, Joel**

**Secretary, Max**


### OLD BUSINESS

**Allen ToDo:**

**Brandon ToDo**
- Create draft plan to connect with company on [in-kind donation/sponsorship](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HJU-dN8nKQLq_Q08W2UlmNcZx7QyJHQs_0eyB7zX93Q/edit)
  - BOARD should review

**Joel ToDo**

**Lee ToDo**
- Look into grant $$ options
- Lee to start a conversation on slack about sponsorships thanks/packages
- Lee to post on slack the mission metrics for the board to claim responsibility
- [Thank you letter DRAFT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12YBzs4F4vITX2rgQojzuEbEpAiVwTrphYohfE4hjepA/edit)
  - BOARD please provide comments/input

**Jace ToDo**

**Traci ToDo**
- invite Brianna to hack night
- connect with Alex on scheduling a What Works Cities overview

### NEW BUSINESS
Please send New Business topics to Allen.

**Fiscal Sponsorships**

There are three local organizations that are interested in a fiscal sponsorship by Citizen Labs. This would extend 501c3 benefits to the organizations and provide important financial structure. This would also strengthen the role of Citizen Labs as supporting local tech organizations that provide community benefits and share a consistent mission.

Supporting following Citizen Labs mission metrics:
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Consideration of the [Draft Fiduciary MOU Template.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UyUsWuldntyzlG0Z7UekVZXzb95qpxR4_EAwl-xAQc4/edit?usp=sharing)
- Call Board to approve the Fiduciary MOU Template

Consider Fiscal Sponsorships
- [Code For Good](https://codeforgoodwm.org/), contact Sarah Titus & Sam Bleckley
Currently organized as 501c6 under GR Software Alliance. They are broadening their mission to have multiple events throughout the year and seeking the tax advantages of a 501c3.

- [West Michigan Research Network](https://www.facebook.com/WestMichiganResearchNetwork/), contact Dave Riley, Director of Business Intelligence & Research, The Right Place
This has been more of a networking organization. Individuals of the group came together to submit and win a grant of $25,000 from The West Michigan Prosperity Alliance (WMPA) to increase awareness and participation with the 2020 Census. They need an 501c3 to receive the grant award.

- [GR Web Developers](https://www.meetup.com/grwebdev/), contact Frederick Polk & Ross Hunter
Currently organized as 501c6 under GR Software Alliance. The organization is in transition. Frederick has been talking to me for the last year about becoming their own 501c3.

- [PyLadies](https://grandrapids.pyladies.com), contact Jace Browning. We are a group of developers who love the Python programming language. We write code by day or night. Some of us hack on Python projects on the side, while others work with it full-time. Some are just starting out in programming, while others have years of experience. Goals:

  - Organize events that facilitate professional development of our members
  - Inspire more people from under-represented groups to fall in love with programming & support and mentor them on their journey
  - Build a revolving community: students become mentors
  - Create a safe, non-threatening environment in the local tech communities
