## Board Meeting
### 13 December 2016 / IN PERSON

### BOARD (participating members in bold)
In person: **Joel Anderson, Jace Browning, Allen Clark, Max Dillivan, Traci Montgomery, Lee Mueller**

Not Present: Brandon Klotz

### AGENDA

**Last Meeting Follow-up**

- Finalized Articles of Incorporation for Citizen Labs and submit for Board consideration.

- Final version of Articles of Incorporation for vote by the Board.
 - **APPROVED** Articles of Incorporation by the Board.

- Identified potential need to amend Bylaws to be consistent with Articles of Incorporation

**New Business**

- Articles of Incorporation (Form CSCL/CD-502) to the State of Michigan.
 - Members of Board to sign MI Articles of Incorporation.

### ACTION ITEMS

- Amend Bylaws to be consistent with requirement of the Articles of Incorporation
 - **APPROVED** All proposed changes to bylaws were accepted.
  - Motion for approval by Lee Mueller, seconded by Allen Clark, approved by Joel Anderson, Jace Browning, Allen Clark, Max Dillivan, Traci Montgomery, and Lee Mueller.

- Articles of Incorporation (Form CSCL/CD-502) to the State of Michigan.
 - Members of Board to sign MI Articles of Incorporation.

 - Create company record book
  - Articles of Incorporation
  - Bylaws
  - Board meeting minutes

**ACTION:** Group discussed creation of both digital and hard copy versions of Company Record Book. [Digital version](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/tree/master/governance) already exists within Github. Allen will produce a hard copy version for January mtg.

- Select Officers of Citizen Labs
 - Chair
 - Vice Chair (potentially combine with Secretary)
 - Treasurer
 - Secretary

**ACTION:** Discussed possible combinations of roles with Vice Chair and Treasurer with Secretary. Preference would be to have separate individuals. Officers or Officer slate to be selected at January 2017 mtg.

- Resolution to open a Citizen Labs bank account

**ACTION:** Recommended to postpone action on item until a Treasurer was selected and there became a need for bank account.

- Review where we are in [process of becoming a 501c3](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/wiki/Steps-to-Become-a-Non-Profit-in-Michigan)


### NEXT MEETING

January 10: Meeting will be held via Slack @ #board.
