## Board Meeting
### 12 September 2017 / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

### BOARD (participating members in bold)
Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz, Max Dillivan

### AGENDA

**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack, #board-meetings

- No new business was introduced.

**New Business**

- Please contact Max or Allen with any new business items.

### ACTION ITEMS

- Approve [Draft Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1KQREJDoRZ3t8LSnhgQZCBsC2k73vJrvOdtgRyhp3jps/edit?usp=sharing) developed by Lee.


### OPEN THOUGHTS

We have recently been approached by Start Garden to partner with them. We have yet to meet to discuss, but I expect that this will happen within the next month. I will follow up on Slack in #board with any details as they happen. We are moving forward to plan a meeting to discuss what Start Garden is thinking and how the work of Citizen Labs may be complimented by a relationship with Start Garden.

This past month has been exciting with progress on a lot of different fronts.

- Outreach: We were well received at BarCamp. Jace gave a technical talk. Allen spoke twice, civic hacking and how to create your own nonprofit. The civic hacking talk had a full room (including Jace, Brandon, & Joel who also jumped into the conversation) from that talk we had three new people come to the following hack night. Brandon will be participating in the upcoming [City Hacks](http://cityhacks.org/) event. Also, Allen and Brandon will be speaking at the [Big Data conference](http://www.bigdataignite.com/) later this month, the topic is Citizen Scientists.

- Storytelling: Another new person has begun contributing to our storytelling. We have developed a social media calendar and recently sent out our first monthly newsletter. Work is also underway to improve our website.

- Hack Night: In my opinion, last week's hack night was the best hack night we have had. This past week we chose to work on voter engagement as a focal project for hack nights. Several projects were considered, but voter engagement was the clear favorite of the spirited conversation. While people are free to work on any project, a focal project will provide clearer ways to participate as a larger team.

- People & Projects: The beta version of the People & Projects database is up and running. Launched on Friday, we now have a dozen people who have tagged their skills and interests. Twenty two projects prior, current, and potential projects have been identified. Both the People and Projects share a common set of skills and interest areas to make it easier to match folks with work they are most likely to be passionate about.

### NEXT MEETING

October 10: Meeting will be held via Slack @ #board-meetings.
