## Board Meeting
### 10 October 2017 @ 6pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

## AGENDA

Location:
Start Garden
40 Pearl St NW, Suite 200
Grand Rapids, MI


### CALL TO ORDER

Present: **Brandon Klotz, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Traci Montgomery**

### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack, #board-meetings
- [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/master/governance/bd_minutes/2017-09-12.md)
* Minutes approved. (unanimous)

### OFFICER REPORTS

Chair: Allen
- See [linked report.](https://slack-files.com/T1D4YHXPZ-F7G6VTM99-361bd1f64b)

Vice Chair: Brandon
* Define partnership opportunity with StartGarden
* Need to develop donor roadmap. Potentially break into different "labs" within organization and outcomes.

Treasurer: Joel
- No report (absent).  

Secretary: Max
- No report (absent).

### OLD BUSINESS

- Please contact Max or Allen with any items.

### NEW BUSINESS

**PRIORITIES:** After a year of reorganizing ourselves and the work of civic innovation as Citizen Labs, we find ourselves at a natural inflection point. With our strong foundation we are now turning our focus outward, turning our mission into a call to action to promote transparency, better understand problems, and support informed community decisions.

An open committee of the Board (Lee, Brandon, Allen) will be working to:
- more clearly identify and communicate our desired outcomes
- clearly define short/medium term goals along with success metrics

It is expected that the committee will report a plan for consideration at the 1Q 2018 Board meeting, tentatively scheduled for Jan 10, 2018.

### COMMENTS & ANNOUNCEMENTS

### ADJOURNMENT
Adjourned by unanimous consent.

### OPEN THOUGHTS FROM CHAIR
I highly encourage participation in this board meeting, it will be the final scheduled board meeting of the year. In our last board meeting we approved a quarterly schedule for board meetings. Given the new schedule, I am planning that all officers will provide a report.

#### NEXT MEETING
January 10: With quarterly meetings we will be planning for an in-person meeting. Arrangements can be made for those that can not attend.

#### BOARD (participating members in bold)
**Traci Montgomery**, Joel Anderson, **Allen Clark, Lee Mueller**, Jace Browning, **Brandon Klotz**, Max Dillivan
