## Board Meeting
### 13 June 2017 / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

### BOARD (participating members in bold)
Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz, Max Dillivan

### AGENDA

**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack, #board-meetings

- Benevity: We are actively taking in contributions from Benevity. Our bank account has been connected to the Benevity and we will receive electronic transfer of donations monthly.
- Gsuite: We have 25 seats as a nonprofit. xxxx@citizenlabs.org is now being managed by GSuite and are available.
- Bank account is in place and now complete.

**New Business**

- Please contact Max or Allen with any new business items.

### ACTION ITEMS

 - Bank account is now in place. Joel, Brandon, and Allen have debit cards.
 - Benevity setup is now complete. Initial donation should be received soon.

### OPEN THOUGHTS

With Q1 priorities of 501c3 and bringing Benevity online now nearly complete, my Q2 priorities are with People & Programming. A strong Onboarding plan will help grow Citizen Labs and also encourage early engagement from volunteers into projects. There is also the tension of volunteers to available projects.

We have [strong resource](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/read-first) on how to get started with Citizen Labs. The [read-first](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/read-first) also identified a common set of task labels that can be used across projects, the goal is that with common labels across projects contributions will be easier to identify and encourage engagement. The [template-repo](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/template-repo) includes the base set of labels and ReadMe outline.

The [data-census](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/data-census) project is the first of what I hope will be more projects that first timers can easily contribute. I would like other ideas for this kind of projects for different skill sets(data, design, documentation, programming, story telling, etc.) and experience level.

Seeking help with any of the following issues. Please provide suggestions for additional items.

**People**
- Community involvement
- Diversity

**Programs**
- Providing opportunities for different skills, interests, level of proficiency, and experience

**Systems**
- Onboarding
- Partnering with government and other organizations
- 501c3 status: We now have the following Corporate sponsors: Google, Microsoft, Techsoup, Slack, Github, The Factory, Mailchimp, and Meetup.
- Created a template Repo that can be used. Includes a core set of labels for common tasks.

**Story**
- Continued refining of our description (elevator speech)
- Develop ongoing story telling



### NEXT MEETING

July 11: Meeting will be held via Slack @ #board-meetings.
