## Board Meeting
### 24 January 2018 @ 6pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

## DRAFT AGENDA

Location: The Knickerbocker

### CALL TO ORDER
Present: **Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz**

### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
*Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack, #board-meetings
 - [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/master/governance/bd_minutes/2017-10-10.md)

Minutes approval.
l- For: **Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz**
- Against: 
### OFFICER REPORTS

[Chair, Allen: 2017 Report](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1trdaqvTuPtLvHXc-Cji_W7S0olyV1bRJ4QV6iTU9tsA/edit?usp=sharing)
Overview of the report.
eOpportunity from Brandon: continue to tap into Grand Circus and leveraging technology/tools that participants are learning in the bootcamps

Active Slack Users defintion - people who posted in the last month
Opportunity: engagement measurement and tracking - facebook > meetup > slack > active slack > code created
Jace asked the question about listing engagement with the City of Grand Rapids and how that fits in to this document and community engagement. Allen responded by laying out the changes happening at the City particularly in regards to the data portal and it being taken offline. Lee recommended needing to meet with Becky Jo to regroup on where we are at. Becky Jo had reached out a week or two ago to check in on the progress after the budget data got handed off to the group in Decemeber. There was an exchange and she put out an option to meet. Jace wants a timeline for conversing with the city and determining if there is relationship to be had there. If not, we may need to discuss our mission. Allen surfaced the City of Wyoming relationship. We will continue discussion in our startegy conversation.

TO DO: Allen is going to follow up to get a meeting on the calendar
TO DO: Add an agenda item for next quarterly board meeting on relationship with City of Grand Rapids

Vice Chair, Brandon
Guidestar is up-to-date

Treasurer, Joel
Report provided
Questionanble activity on the accounts back in November, but now resolved.
Regular contributions coming in from apple, but have an offer for an individual contribution. This wuold require a process to be set-up to accept donations. For now we are going to accept checks only and will send out letters as necessary.
We are waiting on $5000 from Benevity/Apple for Brandon's time.
Allen is looking into t-shirts or jackets for members/board. Jace acknowledged that as projects ramp up we are going to have more project costs to consider. Brandon wants to continue with a facebook paid ads. Allen surfaced $5000 Azure credits and Lee asked if that should be considered an asset in our budget. Jace challeneged that because we don't have that as money or a resource if we don't use it. That type of resource can be shown as a sponsor on our website. Jace suggested we could use that as a recruiting tool. Joel suggested that now that we have 2 years worth of financial data, we should re-evaluate our budget.

TO DO: Lee is going to write a form letter for contributions
TO DO: Allen to refine the sponsor and asset list to share with the board by next board meeting
TO DO: NExt board meeting review and revise the budget. Joel will make sure we all have access to those ahead of next meeting

Financial Statements Approved.

Secretary, Max
Not in attendance, nothing to report.

### OLD BUSINESS

Discussion on officers and board memebers
Lee added this to the agenda.
Slate discussed: Allen, Chair. Bradon, Vice Chair. Joel, Treasurer.
Slate approval.
- For: **Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz**
- Against: 

Report from an open committee of the Board (Lee, Brandon, Allen) formed at the prior Board meeting will present a plan for consideration:
- more clearly identify and communicate our desired outcomes
- clearly define short/medium term goals along with success metrics

2 Discussed needs:
Allen shared that we have a lot of incoming funding and we don't really have a plan for that. Lee shared that we only have one funding source and we should have a plan for diversification. 

### NEW BUSINESS

- Please contact Max or Allen with any items.

### COMMENTS & ANNOUNCEMENTS

- Kicked off project with new partner, [Lower Grand Rapids Organization of Watersheds](https://www.lgrow.org), to develop an [Adopt-a-Drain](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/adopt-a-drain) website to be used as a regional resource. Project is well staffed and has strong support from partner.

- Progress continues on a [Voter Engagement project](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/voter-engagement) with the goal of encouraging eligible GR citizens to vote. Project is well staffed and has involved many people from Hack Nights.

### ADJOURNMENT

#### NEXT MEETING
Tentatively, April 10: Meeting will be held via Slack @ #board-meetings.

#### BOARD (participating members in bold)
Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz, Max Dillivan
