## Board Meeting
### 30 August 2018 @ 6:30pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

## DRAFT AGENDA

Location:

[The Old Goat](https://oldgoatgr.com/),
2434 Eastern Ave SE
Grand Rapids, MI 49507

### CALL TO ORDER
Present:

### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack and previous board meeting minutes, #board-meetings
 - [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/master/governance/bd_minutes/2018-05-07.md)

Minutes approval.
- For:
- Against:


### OFFICER REPORTS
Prefer all officer reports to be provided 24 hrs prior to Board Mtg.

**Chair, Allen:**

For my report I am referring to the strategy section of the [Mission Metric](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tzme6WZeo0oJ-iRoUB4Pr8DhoMGiBHZNyeV0Pr0l98I/edit#gid=1234716011) document created in 2017, that identified strategies, action plans, and objectives.

Fiscal Sponsorship of [Code for Good (CfG)](https://codeforgoodwm.org). Missions of CfG and Citizen Labs (CL) are very consistent. Large overlap of volunteer base between CfG & CL. Organizations are also complimentary with CL being more technical and CfG being more design oriented. Timing for next steps likely in Dec/Jan timeframe, following CfG's Weekend for Good in November.
 - 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
 - 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Progress on Adopt-a-Drain with the Grand Valley Metro Council. Launch likely in mid September. Shout out to new member, James Wilfong for all of his work on the project.
 - 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
 - 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
 - 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.			
 - 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Partnership with City of Wyoming to develop and Open Budget dashboard, similar to [Open Budget: GR](https://grbudget.citizenlabs.org). Meeting was very positive. Potential start date, mid September.
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
- 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.			
- 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

Added Sponsorship page to [Citizen Labs website](https://citizenlabs.org/about/sponsors/).
- 2A. Increase non-apple funding to 25% of annual fund-raising.

Volunteer on-boarding. Have begun on-boarding new folks separately from the project work being done during Hack Nights. Using new presentation that is shorter. Focusing the discussion on the interests of new volunteers instead of Citizen Labs. This has been well received.
- 2D. Develop and implement improved onboarding process for new attendees and volunteers. 			

**Vice Chair, Brandon**

**Treasurer, Joel**

**Secretary, Max**


### OLD BUSINESS

**Allen ToDo:**

- improve Benevity profile for Apple internal portal
- write-up press release re Open Budget Portal (optional)
 - (UPDATE): Will write blog post instead of press release.
- Draft elevator Pitch:

**Brandon ToDo**
- (COMPLETE) Determine who gets t-shirts in the first round
- Create draft plan to connect with company on in-kind donation/sponsorship

**Joel ToDo**
- Joel to evaluate electronic donation options - likely paypal - to be connected to website

**Lee ToDo**
- Look into grant $$ options
- Lee to start a conversation on slack about sponsorships thanks/packages
- Invite Anel to hack night
- Lee to post on slack the mission metrics for the board to claim responsibility

**Jace ToDo**
- look into a Slack attendance tracking
 - (UPDATE from Allen): Attendance can be found by downloading CSV file from Meetup.
- ask him of Sam interested in serving on Board
- Jace to spearhead marketing plan for the voter engagement program
  - pay for promotion, share with third party groups (League of Woman Voters, Head Count, League of Conservation Voters)?
  - Call to action: you're not registerd, come to the next hacknight and have voter registrations formed ready to go at the hacknight

**Traci ToDo**
- invite Brianna to hack night
- connect with Alex on scheduling a What Works Cities overview

### NEW BUSINESS
Please send New Business topics to Allen.

Event Updates
- Voter Registration at Woosah, Primary
- BarCamp
- OpenBudget project w/City of Wyoming

Fiscal Sponsorship of Code for Good

### COMMENTS & ANNOUNCEMENTS

### ADJOURNMENT

Meeting Closed at X:XX

#### NEXT MEETING

TO DO: Schedule next Quarterly Board mtg.

#### BOARD (participating members in bold)

Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz, Max Dillivan
