## Board Meeting
### 07 May 2018 @ 6pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

## DRAFT AGENDA

Location: [Harmony Brewing](https://harmonybeer.com/harmony-eastown/)

### CALL TO ORDER
Present:

### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack, #board-meetings
 - [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/master/governance/bd_minutes/201-010-24.md)

Minutes approval.
- For: Allen, Brandon, Jace, Joel, Lee, Traci
- Against:


### OFFICER REPORTS

**Chair, Allen:**

Citizen Labs Birthday, April 25th.

Very positive movements with City of GR in regards to Open Data and civic engagement. Allen & Traci will be able to report and answer questions.
- Allen & Traci attended. Learned about the What Works Cities initiative has done thus far - focus on governance and open data portal. Prioritized Coversation around communication needs between orgs and the cities as well as datasets to be relased
- Datasets prioritized are equity-oriented datasets, hundreds more are in the pipeline
- Suggestion to invite Alex of the City of GR to a meetup to discuss what the city is doing

West Michigan Research Network & City partners are interested in investigating in a Data Collaborative.
- Also discussed Big Data Month at GVSU in September and Big Data Ignite 2-day conference. Traci suggested an opportunity for sponsorship, mixed feelings from Brandon and Allen. To be discussed at next board meeting.

City of GR has provided 2019 Proposed budget for [Open Budget:GR](https://grbudget.citizenlabs.org). Updated site will be more valuable resource for the upcoming public hearings. Open Budget:GR is linked from the City's [Open Data Portal.](https://www.grandrapidsmi.gov/GRData)
- Facebook Ad (Allen did a promoted facebook page 5/7, GR Open Budget tweet promoted)
- Press Release
- Review Period: https://www.grandrapidsmi.gov/Government/Departments/Budget-Office/FY2019-Preliminary-Fiscal-Plan

TO DO: Allen to write-up press release (optional)
TO DO: Lee to get contacts for Allen
TO DO: Lee to post on Salon

[Citizen Labs'](https://citizenlabs.org) website has been updated.

Hosted a Missing Maps Benevity event on May 6. Recruit and fundraising event.
- Allen hosted this with 8 people from Apple, their time will be posted to Citizen Labs
- Held at Bar Louie
- Looking to do it monthly - Citizen Labs to host and Apple team members participate

**Vice Chair, Brandon**

Tshirts & jackets have been ordered, should be in soon.
- Allen: t-shirts/jackets are a little over $1000
- Jace suggests voting on a policy for who gets t-shirts: 3 event attendance within a 6-month rolling time frame, a personalized note goes out after the third attendance to offer a t-shirt on their next attendance
- Any additional individual warranting a t-shirt goes to a board vote
- Gifts to key partners: commissioners, city employees, etc as the board sees fit
- We can advocate for 20% of our time/expenditures

TO DO: Jace to look into a Slack attendance tracking
TO DO: Brandon to figure out who gets t-shirts in the first round

**Treasurer, Joel**
Review financial position
- We have a good amount of money in our savings account, we should give some thought for how to do better on interest
- We had skipped Jan & Feb from benevity, and had a bump in March/April

TO DO: Allen to improve Benevity profile for Apple internal portal
TO DO: Lee to look into grant options
TO DO: Allen adding Peppino's to the website "Official Pizza Sponsor" - check on sales tax too

No formal reports (yet), due to 4 incomplete transactions (which we can discuss)
- Checked with Allen and Joel on the 4 transactions - successfully categorized

TO DO: Joel to put out the formal report out there for us in the next week or two
TO DO: Joel to evaluate electronic donation options - likely paypal - to be connected to website

**Secretary, Max**
Nothing

### OLD BUSINESS

Citizen Labs sponsored Django Girls coding event in February.
- PyLadies Meetup on Saturdays and was promoting it there - this is the group that runs Django Girls
- Sponsorship was worth it - got one attender and folks continue to be interested as they develop their skills

Could think about Bar Camp sponsorship in August
Discussion about additional nights - if you want to sponsor another hacknight, any board member can do that
- Example - Missing Maps events should go on meetup as another citizen labs event

**Allen ToDo:**

Allen to resurface document on defining "official" [Citizen Labs Sponsored Project.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T5XhNmwdYvoqPLsxI8JUa19B4QVkqsksiCq1l15S_Mg/edit?usp=sharing)
- Table for now until something comes up that we need to discuss as a board - typically if a board member is onboard, than it's all good
- Need to manage projects that might come with expectations - example of Water Project

Allen to tighten the elevator pitch on the Mission Metrics to see if there is interest to assist at the next hack night
- Open | Community | Civic Tech to Open | Community | Civic : Discussed this is in Board slack channel.
- Still not quite ready for an elevator pitch - WIP

**Lee ToDo:**

Come to the Q2 board meeting with names for possible board members both currently connected and not
- Anel Guel
- Brianna Yael
- Alex from the city

TO DO: Lee to invite Anel to hack night
TO DO: Traci to invite Brianna to hack night
TO DO: Traci to connec with Alex on scheduling a What Works Cities overview
TO DO: Jace to ask him of Sam interested in board

Adjust the Mission Metrics to reflect requiring in-person attendance for board meetings as well as sponsorship language
- Not quite done - need to offer things to sponsors, but what are those things?

TO DO: Lee to start a conversation on slack about sponsorships thanks/packages

Post Mission Metrics to Slack and start a discussion on responsibilities

TO DO: Lee to post on slack the mission metrics for the board to claim responsibility

### NEW BUSINESS

TO DO: Brandon to eventually connect with company on in-kind donation/sponsorship

Missing Map Events to carry on - more to come on this

How are we going to promote the voter engagement?
- We can pay for promotion, share with third party groups (League of Woman Voters, Head Count, League of Conservation Voters)
- July 9 is the voter registration deadling for the Aug 7 primary
- Call to action: you're not registerd, come to the next hacknight and have voter registrations formed ready to go at the hacknight

TO DO: Jace to spearhead marketing plan for the voter engagement program

### COMMENTS & ANNOUNCEMENTS

### ADJOURNMENT

Meeting Closed at 8:50P

#### NEXT MEETING

TO DO: Allen to do a spreadsheet for the next meeting to be scheduled for July

#### BOARD (participating members in bold)
**Traci Montgomery, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz**, Max Dillivan
