## DRAFT Board Meeting Minutes
### 09 December 2019 @ 6:30pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

## AGENDA

### CALL TO ORDER
Present: Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Jace Browning, Sarah Titus
Not Present: Traci Montgomery, Lee Mueller, Brandon Klotz, Max Dillivan



### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack and previous board meeting minutes, #board-meetings
 - [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/master/governance/bd_minutes/2019-08-22minutes.md)

**Minutes approval**

For: Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Jace Browning, Sarah Titus, Lee Mueller, Brandon Klotz, and Max Dillivan

Against: none

Not Voting: Traci Montgomery

### OFFICER REPORTS
[2017 Mission Metrics](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tzme6WZeo0oJ-iRoUB4Pr8DhoMGiBHZNyeV0Pr0l98I/edit#gid=1234716011) that identified strategies, action plans, and objectives.

**Chair, Allen:**

Accomplishments
- Implemented Slack workflows (Code of Conduct reporting, Onboarding new folks, Help)
- Update to Website that continues

Upcoming Priorities
- Citizen Labs website
- Change in Hack Night programming (see Old Business)
- Partner & Project growth

**Vice Chair, Brandon**

**Treasurer, Joel**

[2019 Annual Financial Report](link to report)
- Approved:
- Against:

**Secretary, Max**


### OLD BUSINESS

**Board development & membership**

- (ALLEN) See joining Michigan NonProfit Association (new business), lunch workshop at Johnson Center, and assistance from LGROW leadership team.

**Improving Hack Nights**

- (ALLEN) Covered at the last board meeting. We would like to make a cut-over to pilot programming for Hack Night for January.
  - One traditional hack night per month
  - The second monthly meeting night would be attending another organization’s meeting as a group. This has a community building and growth attribute. Potentially providing pizza for the group.
  - Once per quarter we would have a speaker for our second meeting of the month.

- (JACE & SARAH) Both support the change

**Citizen Labs Sponsored Project**

- (ALLEN) We ave been speaking with Grand Valley Metro Council regarding a second project. In future meeting with Cara & Wendy of LGROW will brainstorm project ideas. LGROW also announced to their partner cities that we were open to projects. An LGROW connection also forwarded a potential project with GR Public Schools. They are seeking to do some kind of greeen space inventory of their school yards.

- (LEE) I find the green space inventory interesting. I suspect the primary contact at GRPS is Kristin, who manages their sustainability programs. At the very least, I'm interested in getting involved in discussions that might help our more technically minded folks think about what tool might be needed to support such an effort.

- (SARAH) Support the potential project

**Fundraising**

- (ALLEN) Meeting with LGROW about projects and also fundraising, grants, and organizational growth.

- (SARAH) Also interested in grants has other contacts with Code For Good that have interest in Grant Writing and has been looking for Grant education opportunities.

- (LEE) Has also had success with grant writing. However, it all starts with, what do we want a grant for? We first need to identify a "project" we want to fund, then we can match it with the right funding opportunity. We have yet to spend much time identifying distinct projects for which we need funding. I'll note, when I say "project" it doesn't necessarily need to be a specific tech project, but could be building organizational capacity, volunteer recruitment, multicultural engagement, etc. In this sense, project simply means something distinct we want to accomplish as an organization.

### NEW BUSINESS

(ALLEN) Seeking board support to join the Michigan NonProfit Association

 - (SARAH) Makes sense, looks like a lot of educational resources we can utilize.

 - **For:** Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Jace Browning, Sarah Titus, Lee Mueller, and Max Dillivan
 - **Against:** none
 - **Not Voting:** Traci Montgomery & Brandon Klotz


 (ALLEN) Potential co-development of project matching web-app with Code For Good. Sarah Titus discussed the desire by Code For Good to have person/project matching system.
 - (LEE) Strongly supports
 - (SARAH) Great cross over opportunities for both orgs and great potential for person/project matching needs.

### COMMENTS & ANNOUNCEMENTS

none

### ADJOURNMENT

Meeting Closed at Dec 18, 6pm

#### NEXT MEETING

Date/Time TBD, Location TBD

#### BOARD (participating members in bold)

**Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Jace Browning, Lee Mueller,** Traci Montgomery, **Max Dillivan, Brandon Klotz, Sarah Titus**
