## Board Meeting Agenda
### 22 May 2019 @ 6:00pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

## DRAFT AGENDA

Location: Rez Lounge


### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack and previous board meeting minutes, #board-meetings
 - [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/master/governance/bd_minutes/2019-01-22minutes.md)

### OFFICER REPORTS
Prefer all officer reports to be provided 24 hrs prior to Board Mtg.

**Chair, Allen:**
Bullet points following topics refer to our [2017 Mission Metrics](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tzme6WZeo0oJ-iRoUB4Pr8DhoMGiBHZNyeV0Pr0l98I/edit#gid=1234716011) that identified strategies, action plans, and objectives.

**City of Grand Rapids Open Budget**

Becky Jo contacted Citizen Labs and provided the Preliminary FY2020 budget. We updated the website with the new data and will update again once the final budget is voted on.
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
- 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.			

**City of Wyoming Open Budget**

Development is complete and we are awaiting final approval from City of Wyoming. Removed city specific names to files, this will help us more quickly deploy Open Budget website for other cities.
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
- 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.			
- 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

**Adopt-a-Drain with the Grand Valley Metro Council(GVMC)**

Adopt-a-Drain with the Grand Valley Metro Council(GVMC) has soft launched.
 - 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
 - 1B. Actively engage a community partner in at least 50% of 2018 Citizen Lab projects
 - 3A. Prototype, deliver, develop, or complete at least 4 Citizen Labs projects.			
 - 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

**Vice Chair, Brandon**

**Treasurer, Joel**

**Secretary, Max**


### OLD BUSINESS

**Allen ToDo:**

**Brandon ToDo**
- Create draft plan to connect with company on [in-kind donation/sponsorship](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HJU-dN8nKQLq_Q08W2UlmNcZx7QyJHQs_0eyB7zX93Q/edit)
  - BOARD should review

**Joel ToDo**

**Lee ToDo**
- Look into grant $$ options
- Lee to start a conversation on slack about sponsorships thanks/packages
- Lee to post on slack the mission metrics for the board to claim responsibility
- [Thank you letter DRAFT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12YBzs4F4vITX2rgQojzuEbEpAiVwTrphYohfE4hjepA/edit)
  - BOARD please provide comments/input

**Jace ToDo**

**Traci ToDo**
- invite Brianna to hack night
- connect with Alex on scheduling a What Works Cities overview

### NEW BUSINESS

**Review Fiscal Sponsorship Status**

Citizen Labs would extend 501c3 benefits to the organizations and provide important financial structure to select organizations. This would also strengthen the role of Citizen Labs as supporting local tech organizations that provide community benefits and share a consistent mission.

Supporting following Citizen Labs mission metrics:
- 1A. Build partnerships with other organizations
- 3C. Develop meaningful relationship with at least one additional community outside the City of Grand Rapids.

- [Code For Good](https://codeforgoodwm.org/)
 - Code For Good (CFG) became the first fiscal sponsorship by Citizen Labs.
 - Sarah Titus has joined the Citizen Labs board
 - Sub-Bank account has been created.


- [West Michigan Research Network](https://www.facebook.com/WestMichiganResearchNetwork/)

- [GR Web Developers](https://www.meetup.com/grwebdev/)
 - GRSLC has filed with State of Michigan




- [PyLadies](https://grandrapids.pyladies.com)
