## Board Meeting Minutes
### 22 August 2019 @ 6:00pm / ONLINE @ #board-meetings

## AGENDA


### CALL TO ORDER
Present: Sarah Titus, Allen Clark, Brandon Klotz, Lee Mueller, and Jace Browning
Not Present: Max Dillivan

### APPROVAL OF MINUTES
**Last Meeting Follow-up**: Conversations and actions can be found on Slack and previous board meeting minutes, #board-meetings
 - [Previous Board Meeting](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/community/blob/master/governance/bd_minutes/2019-05-22minutes.md)

 Minutes approval.
 - For: Traci Montgomery, Sarah Titus, Brandon Klotz, Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, and Jace Browning
 - Against:

### OFFICER REPORTS
[2017 Mission Metrics](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tzme6WZeo0oJ-iRoUB4Pr8DhoMGiBHZNyeV0Pr0l98I/edit#gid=1234716011) that identified strategies, action plans, and objectives.

**Chair, Allen:**

Fiscal Sponsorships Complete
- [Code For Good](https://codeforgoodwm.org/)
- [West Michigan Research Network](https://www.facebook.com/WestMichiganResearchNetwork/)
- [GR Web Developers](https://www.meetup.com/grwebdev/)

Update on WMRN project
- WMRN’s 2020 Census project team is made up of 3 work groups.
- Research + Data Workgroup: The R+D team has had several conference calls and in person meetings. In July a handful of them met to build a beta version of the web-based Tableau dashboard that will be the key resource for this initiative. Today, August 22, the team is gathering once again to finish the tool. In mid-Septebmer WMRN’s R+D and engagement team will host a meeting of key stakeholders and clients (Asst. City managers from GR, Wyoming, Kent County’s #2 administrator, Township supervisors, and Newaygo County’s county administrator) to get their input/feedback on the tool and our findings. Once WMRN incorporates their input/feedback the tool will be embedded on the website and will go live.
 - MarComm Workgroup: The marketing and communication team has been working diligently to put together a campaign strategy including a complete rebranding of WMRN as the existing brand was outdated and not very effective. They also put out an RFP to have a website built. At least 2 responses have been received and are within budget. They are working in coordination with the Michigan Nonprofit Association’s BeCountedMI2020 campaign to borrow/leverage their campaign strategy (with the blessing of MNA). They plan to have a landing page for the website up by early September and the full site set up by the end of September. They are also actively making connections and coordinating efforts to spread the word among municipal leaders across the region so WMRN can get on their agendas, etc.
- Engagement Workgroup: This team will be formulating the outreach strategy and presenting the findings of the Tableau tool and helping inform/educate folks how vital the Census is and help them identify key resources within their community (libraries, schools, nonprofits, etc) who are helping ensure their municipality has a complete count. Their strategy is still formulating; however, much of it depends on the R+D workgroup finalizing the analytics tool.
- WMRN also connected in the last few weeks with the regional Census Bureau Community Partner who is based in Grand Rapids and represents 11 of the 13 counties in West Michigan. WMRN had a meeting with him this morning and made plans to co-present at meetings so he can represent the official Census Bureau and talk about resources and answer questions, then WMRN can talk about what our research shows about specific localities and what is happening on the ground locally.

CL provided our first invoice for project expenses.

Upcoming Priorities
- Community engagement
- Website

**Vice Chair, Brandon**

**Treasurer, Joel**

**Secretary, Max**


### OLD BUSINESS

- Drafting of Fiscal Sponsorship MOUs are complete. (Lee and Allen)

### NEW BUSINESS

Board development & membership

**Upcoming Events**
- LGROW will be promoting the Adopt a Drain program at Movies on Monroe, Aug 23
- Hosting Missing Maps (Apple Woodland), Sept. 8


### COMMENTS & ANNOUNCEMENTS

### ADJOURNMENT

Meeting Closed at 8:30pm

#### NEXT MEETING

Date/Time TBD, Location TBD

#### BOARD (participating members in bold)

**Joel Anderson, Allen Clark, Lee Mueller, Jace Browning, Brandon Klotz,** Max Dillivan, Traci Montgomery
